SubmissionNumber#=%=#19
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#A Text Normalisation System for Non-Standard English Words
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#A Text Normalisation System for Non-Standard English Words
NumberOfPages#=%=#9
CopyrightSigned#=%=#Andrew Caines
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#University of Cambridge, UK
Abstract#==#This paper investigates the problem of text normalisation; specifically, the
normalisation of non-standard words (NSWs) in English. Non-standard words can
be defined as those word tokens which do not have a dictionary entry, and
cannot be pronounced using the usual letter-to-phoneme conversion rules; e.g.
lbs, 99.3%, #EMNLP2017. NSWs pose a challenge to the proper functioning of
text-to-speech technology, and the solution is to spell them out in such a way
that they can be pronounced appropriately. We describe our four-stage
normalisation system made up of components for detection, classification,
division and expansion of NSWs. Performance is favourabe compared to previous
work in the field (Sproat et al. 2001, Normalization of non-standard words), as
well as state-of-the-art text-to-speech software. Further, we update Sproat et
al.'s NSW taxonomy, and create a more customisable system where users are able
to input their own abbreviations and specify into which variety of English
(currently available: British or American) they wish to normalise.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Emma
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Flint
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#emf40@cam.ac.uk
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#University of Cambridge
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Elliot
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Ford
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#ef355@cam.ac.uk
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#University of Cambridge
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Olivia
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Thomas
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#oft20@cam.ac.uk
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#University of Cambridge
Author{4}{Firstname}#=%=#Andrew
Author{4}{Lastname}#=%=#Caines
Author{4}{Email}#=%=#apc38@cam.ac.uk
Author{4}{Affiliation}#=%=#University of Cambridge
Author{5}{Firstname}#=%=#Paula
Author{5}{Lastname}#=%=#Buttery
Author{5}{Email}#=%=#paula.buttery@cl.cam.ac.uk
Author{5}{Affiliation}#=%=#University of Cambridge

==========