\section{Message from the General Chair}\vspace{2em}
\setheaders%
    {Message from the General Chair}%
    {Message from the General Chair}
\thispagestyle{emptyheader}

\setlength{\parskip}{1ex}

Welcome to EMNLP 2018 in Brussels, Belgium! I hope that EMNLP 2018
will be a memorable experience filled with exciting research
presentations, outstanding keynote speakers, and many stimulating
conversations with colleagues and friends, both old and new. In the
evenings, I hope that you will explore the wonderful city of Brussels!
Admire the historic buildings, visit great museums, and enjoy the
Belgian cuisine.

EMNLP 2018 will have an extensive technical program that includes 14
workshops, 6 tutorials, 3 invited speakers, 351 long paper
presentations, 198 short paper presentations, 10 TACL paper
presentations, and 29 demos. I want to give special thanks to the
Program Co-Chairs: David Chiang, Julia Hockenmaier, and Jun'ichi
Tsujii. EMNLP 2018 received a record-breaking 2,231 valid submissions,
a 48\% increase over EMNLP 2017! Despite the massive volume of
submissions, the PC chairs put tremendous care into every decision, big and
small, and gracefully handled numerous inquiries and requests. Their
commitment to a high-quality program was inspiring. Of course, the PC
Chairs did not handle the workload alone: we all owe an enormous debt
of gratitude to the 60 Area Chairs and 1,436 reviewers (yes, 1,400+
reviewers!) who took on the critical responsibilities of reviewing
paper submissions and providing feedback to the program chairs. Thank
you all!

The Demo Co-Chairs, Eduardo Blanco and Wei Lu, also had to handle an
usually high workload. EMNLP 2018 received 77 demo submissions, which
was a 40\% increase over EMNLP 2017. They recruited an additional 150+
reviewers to assess the demo submissions, and managed the review
process seamlessly. Thank you, Eduardo and Wei!

The EMNLP 2018 Workshop Co-Chairs, Marieke van Erp and Vincent Ng, and
the EMNLP 2018 Tutorial Co-Chairs, Mausam and Lu Wang, oversaw the
selection of workshops and tutorials and coordinated planning with the
organizers. Many thanks to Marieke, Vincent, Mausam, and Lu for
orchestrating terrific workshop and tutorial programs!
And I am thrilled to have three exceptional NLP researchers as our
keynote speakers: Johan Bos, Julia Hirschberg, and Gideon Mann. 

For EMNLP 2018, we added two new initiatives to provide financial
support to conference participants.  We introduced {\it childcare
  grants} that offer financial support for childcare expenses incurred
to participate in the conference. These childcare grants give families
broad flexibility to utilize many different types of childcare
services and arrangements. A giant thank you to Swapna Somasundaran
for  navigating this new terrain and drafting the policy guidelines,
and to both Swapna and Aoife Cahill for overseeing the application and
decision processes.

EMNLP 2018 also introduced travel scholarships for non-students to
attend the conference. The non-student travel scholarships provide
support to people with financial need who might otherwise not be able
to participate in the conference. We created this initiative with an
eye toward supporting researchers from historically
under-representated regions and young researchers or others with
limited financial means. I want to thank Anna Rumshisky and Hugo Van
hamme for managing these new non-student travel scholarships, along
with the student travel scholarship and volunteer applications.

Nitin Madnani deserves special thanks for taking charge of {\it both}
the EMNLP 2018 web site and conference app, and doing a fantastic
job. Nitin was a pleasure to work with, and incredibly responsive,
answering emails impossibly fast and accommodating every
request. Thanks also to our Publicity Chair, Mohit Iyyer, for
advertising the conference on social media and elsewhere, and our
Video Chair, Bonan Min, for handling the video recordings.

Managing the conference proceedings and compiling the handbook are
extremely time-consuming and tedious jobs, but less visible to conference
attendees, who only see the final products. Enormous thanks to the
Publication Chairs, Micha Elsner (junior chair) and Preethi Raghavan
(senior chair), the Conference Handbook Chair, Kai-Wei Chang, the
Handbook Advisor, Joachim Bingel, and the Handbook Proofreader, He
He. They were truly a fantastic team!

And a huge thanks to the Local Organization Committee from KU Leuven:
Marie-Francine Moens (chair), Dominique De Brabanter, Frieda Steurs,
and Hugo Van hamme, as well as the Local Sponsorship Chair, Katrien
Beuls from Vrije Universiteit Brussel. Their hard work and enthusiasm
were key to making EMNLP 2018 a success! In addition, a large
conference like EMNLP depends heavily on sponsorship, and I want to
sincerely thank {\it all} of the EMNLP 2018 sponsors for their
generous support!

I must also thank SIGDAT for their support throughout this past
year. With extra thanks to Noah Smith, the SIGDAT Secretary-Treasurer
and EMNLP liaison, for his support of our new initiatives, valuable
feedback, and quick responses. Finally, I owe a huge debt of gratitude
to Priscilla Rasmussen, who managed so many aspects of the conference
that I can't even begin to name them.  A heartfelt thanks to Priscilla
for her hard work, sage advice, and for patiently answering an endless
stream of questions from me, and many others.

And thanks to all of YOU for participating in EMNLP 2018! I hope you
enjoy the conference and your time in Brussels!

\vspace{3em}
\noindent
EMNLP 2018 General Chair\\


\noindent{\it Ellen Riloff}, University of Utah, USA\\


\index{Riloff, Ellen}


