SubmissionNumber#=%=#15
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#Neural Post-Editing Based on Quality Estimation
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#Neural Post-Editing Based on Quality Estimation
NumberOfPages#=%=#6
CopyrightSigned#=%=#Yiming Tan
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#Jiangxi Normal University, Jiangxi Province, China
Abstract#==#Automatic post-editing (APE) is a challenging task on WMT evaluation campaign.
Through data analysis of the training set of WMT17 APE en-de task, we find that
only a small number of edit operations are required for many machine
translation outputs to correct them into good translations. At this point two
neural post-editing (NPE) models are trained in term of the edit numbers,
single edit and minor edits. The improved quality estimation (QE) approach is
exploited to select the best model, and rank the n-best list translation
hypotheses generated by the best APE model and the raw translation system.
Experimental results on the datasets of WMT16 APE test set show that the
proposed approach statistically outperforms the baseline. Deep analysis further
confirms that our approach can bring considerable relief from the
overcorrection problem in APE.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Yiming
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Tan
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#tt_yymm@jxnu.edu.cn
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#Jiangxi Normal University
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Zhiming
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Chen
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#qqchenzhiming@gmail.com
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#Jiangxi Normal University
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Liu
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Huang
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#ufhuangliu@hotmail.com
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#Jiangxi Normal University
Author{4}{Firstname}#=%=#Lilin
Author{4}{Lastname}#=%=#Zhang
Author{4}{Email}#=%=#1006806747@qq.com
Author{4}{Affiliation}#=%=#Jiangxi Normal University
Author{5}{Firstname}#=%=#Maoxi
Author{5}{Lastname}#=%=#Li
Author{5}{Email}#=%=#mosesli@yeah.net
Author{5}{Affiliation}#=%=#Jiangxi Normal University
Author{6}{Firstname}#=%=#Mingwen
Author{6}{Lastname}#=%=#Wang
Author{6}{Email}#=%=#mwwang@jxnu.edu.cn
Author{6}{Affiliation}#=%=#Jiangxi Normal University

==========