SubmissionNumber#=%=#747
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#Identifying the Provision of Choices in Privacy Policy Text
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#Identifying the Provision of Choices in Privacy Policy Text
NumberOfPages#=%=#6
CopyrightSigned#=%=#Kanthashree Mysore Sathyendra
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#Carnegie Mellon University
5000 Forbes Ave
Pittsburgh 15213
Abstract#==#Websites' and mobile apps' privacy policies, written in natural language, tend
to be long and difficult to understand. Information privacy revolves around the
fundamental principle of Notice and choice, namely the idea that users should
be able to make informed decisions about what information about them can be
collected and how it can be used. Internet users want control over their
privacy, but their choices are often hidden in long and convoluted privacy
policy texts. Moreover, little (if any) prior work has been done to detect the
provision of choices in text. We address this challenge of enabling user choice
by automatically identifying and extracting pertinent choice language in
privacy policies. In particular, we present a two-stage architecture of
classification models to identify opt-out choices in privacy policy text,
labelling common varieties of choices with a mean F1 score of 0.735. Our
techniques enable the creation of systems to help Internet users to learn about
their choices, thereby effectuating notice and choice and improving Internet
privacy.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Kanthashree
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Mysore Sathyendra
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#kanthashree.ms@gmail.com
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#Carnegie Mellon University
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Shomir
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Wilson
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#shomir.wilson@uc.edu
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#University of Cincinnati
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Florian
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Schaub
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#fschaub@umich.edu
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#University of Michigan
Author{4}{Firstname}#=%=#Sebastian
Author{4}{Lastname}#=%=#Zimmeck
Author{4}{Email}#=%=#sebastian@sebastianzimmeck.de
Author{4}{Affiliation}#=%=#Carnegie Mellon University
Author{5}{Firstname}#=%=#Norman
Author{5}{Lastname}#=%=#Sadeh
Author{5}{Email}#=%=#sadeh@cs.cmu.edu
Author{5}{Affiliation}#=%=#Carnegie Mellon University

==========